well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're going to talk
about Bernie Trump and Russian stunts on
everybody be scared so the debate right
now is would the Russians really do this
of course they would of course they
would
what would they try to interfere in our
elections of course they would they
would try to influence some every
country does and we try to do it to
other countries of course would they
really support Bernie probably I mean
that makes sense why for the same reason
they support a Trump the effect from
their point of view isn't going to be
any different not really
Trump's a little bit better for them but
not by much the reality is intelligence
agencies they attempt to influence other
countries leadership that's what they do
they try to advance their nations
foreign policy that's their job having
somebody of similar interests in the
leadership of another country that's
beneficial to them let's do it this way
why were the Russians in Afghanistan
leadership questions 78 I think there
was coup brought communist to power they
wanted to back them why were we in
Panama leadership questions why do we
why were we interact leadership
questions what's the issue with North
Korea leadership questions if we will go
to war over it we will certainly devote
some covert resources the idea that it's
not happening is just saying I do not
understand the international stage okay
of course it's happening why would they
support Bernie why would the Russians
support Bernie the Republicans right now
have two answers to this one is that
he's a socialist first he's he's
actually not
none of his policies that he stated our
socialist but whatever even let's just
say he is it's not the Soviet Union
anymore it's Russia and Russia isn't
socialist that doesn't even make sense
the other is that he he would be easier
for Trump to beat you're thinking like
an American one of the smartest things
I've ever heard about organized crime
was a guy who spent a lot of time
studying them and he said the difference
between the Italian mafia Italian
organized crime and Russian organized
crime could be summed up by the fact
that Italian organized crime sat around
and played poker and the Russians sat
around and played chess the Russians
don't gamble they come up with multiple
avenues to get what they want they would
support both sides so what do they want
that's the question we keep trying to
force our motives onto them what do they
actually want do they want to degrade
our democracy no they don't care they
want to influence our stance in foreign
affairs they want to have somebody that
that is beneficial to them when it
relates to foreign affairs they do not
care what happens to mastica lee bernie
is the peace candidate right he is the
guy
speaking out against the military
industrial complex he's the guy saying
he wants to reduce our footprint
overseas he's the guy saying he wants to
reduce the frequency with which we force
project yeah of course I mean all that's
good for the Russians it's also good for
the American people doesn't have to be
either war why did they support Trump
because on the international stage he's
incompetent he can be led around by the
nose which is beneficial to them that's
it there's no great mystery here this
happens in every election it's not it's
not a
it's nothing shocking really the real
question at the end of the day is
whether or not the candidates themselves
have the integrity to not play ball with
them to not be influenced by that
support to not allow their policies to
be changed by that support - not while
I'd sit there and listen that's that
that's the real question it deals with
the integrity of the candidates involved
u.s. counterintelligence it doesn't
matter how many resources you grant them
they're not going to be able to stop
other nations from trying to influence
the election they're not going to be
able to do that the best they can do is
keep tabs on the candidates themselves
and make sure that they're not being
influenced directly because then that is
a national security threat now they've
done a pretty good job of this over the
years they probably won't do very well
this election because you know the
Senate stopped measures to help them and
then their leadership was just gutted so
they're probably going to do really bad
at it this time around but I would
suggest not dismissing the idea that the
Russians support Bernie he's the peace
candidate the same reason you support
him if you do is the reason they do I
would suggest that there are a couple of
other Democratic candidates who if they
had a chance they'd also be getting
support from Russia and there probably
are a couple others that are getting
support
we just it hasn't been identified yet
because I can think of a couple more
candidates that would be getting passive
support now this doesn't mean that
they're working with them it doesn't
mean that they're meeting them in hotels
it doesn't mean that they're promising
them anything it just means that the
Russians would like them in a position
of authority because their foreign
policy isn't combative that that's kind
of a no-brainer
it really boils down to well like
Richard Nixon said he's your president a
crook anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night